That’s rare.
A mixed breed.
Were you the one who killed Mudan?
You...
Bastard...
I’m starting to take an interest in you.
Run.
I really did want to dissect you,
but right now, I don’t feel
like taking anyone’s life.
Fuchi-dono! Thank goodness.
What's wrong?
Mei’s condition...
I thought it was just fatigue, but...
she’s not recovering at all.
Wasn't she a child at the start?
What even is she?
They say she’s of the same kind
as the Tensen.
I also saw her use a strange power.
The same kind as those monsters.
Our materials are limited,
but let’s make a simple fever reducer.
In return, Mei,
please tell us more
about yourself and the Tensen.
After losing our comrades,
I’ve finally realized how serious this is.
Who exactly are you people,
and what is your goal?
Depending on your answer,
I may not be able to forgive you.
Um...
Hold on. We're not gonna get a proper
explanation with the way she talks, right?
True.
Watch your words, you two!
But it’s fine. I’m used to translating.
In the meanwhile, Sagi,
please work on mixing the medicine.
Dragging us out to a place like this...
What do you want, Gimpy-maru?
My memories are back,
but my combat instincts have dulled.
So, I want to warm up. Humor me.
So you want all of us
to come at you at once?
Yeah, pretty much.
You're saying you'll use me
as a practice dummy?
You too.
The one you hate most is me, isn’t it?
If you want to kill me,
come at me with that intent.
Wait a second.
If you’re planning something sneaky
under cover of the chaos,
I’ll cut you down.
If Sensei’s in, I’m in too.
Hey, woman-man, you can use your katana.
I’ll beat the hell out of that bastard.
The Doshi... Aza Chobe...
After two battles, I’ve learned something.
Relying too much
on Tao's power is dangerous.
But if you can’t control it,
you won’t be able to defeat the Tensen,
or anyone else, for that matter.
I have to figure out how to use it.
Thanks for helping.
Don't underestimate me!
He’s fast!
Don’t track him with your eyes.
Feel him with Tao.
That muscle mass...
Normally brute force wouldn’t work.
But...
If you aim for Tao’s vital points,
even a weak body
can deliver a powerful blow.
Wait, Nurugai!
But this confirms it for me.
In the realm of Tao,
it’s impossible to surpass the Tensen.
They’re monsters who’ve trained
their Tao for a thousand years.
Humans can’t outdo them.
So then...
We use the Tao that surrounds them.
The stronger the force directed at you,
the bigger the backlash
when you exploit it.
If we can use the Tensen’s own Tao,
it could become a countermeasure.
Amazing!
With this, we could even kill a Tensen!
No, not yet. There are still
tons of challenges to solve.
He’s even better than the rumors.
Gabimaru might actually
be able to reach them.
But is it really okay
to rely on a criminal?
Gabimaru, after observing Tao,
I realized something.
There are probably different types of Tao.
Each type has its own
attribute and compatibility.
Types?
If we can make use of that,
we could even kill immortals.
Huh? What do you want?
You looking to fight too?
What’s this supposed to be, woman-man?
I know it’s shameless, but please,
teach me real sword combat.
Huh?
Not for revenge.
So I can survive here
with my own strength.
You're telling me to trust
the words of a bandit?
I can't prove it any other way, but...
I'm serious. I don't like you,
but you're stronger than me.
So, teach me the sword!
Do whatever you want.
I was just about to swing around
a blade anyway.
Bring that katana over.
Even if I have to grovel in the mud,
I’ll strengthen myself.
So I can fight on my own.
So I can fight alongside my brother.
Strength is change.
We can kill them later.
I’ll come save you, brother.
He’s strong!
He’s on a completely
different level from the Doshis.
Is he the same kind as that guy?
Interesting. That distorted Tao...
It must have mixed
after you came to this island, right?
The elixir flowers
that transform humans into Tan.
Your Tao is being eroded by it,
yet you’ve maintained your sense of self.
That is very rare.
Let’s study you a bit more.
At this rate, I don’t see a winning path,
but even if I do that thing again,
there’s no guarantee I can control it.
No.
I don’t need guarantees.
It’s do or die.
It feels like roots are spreading
through my entire body.
So it doesn't steal
my consciousness, I need
to focus!
Both his speed and power
are completely beyond human limits.
My sense of self is still intact.
I have to finish this fast!
Your weak point is your navel, right?
Oh my goodness.
It really isn’t regenerating.
If I destroy the navel, you die?
I’m at my limit too. I have to revert.
My goodness.
Even after releasing the Tao
of the outer elixir flower,
he’s still controlling it.
This is unprecedented.
So that was a decoy, huh?
I only meant to scout, but I wanted
to see it with my own eyes.
Beautiful.
We must take him back
to the castle and study him.
I’m at my limit. Any more
and my sense of self will...
Don’t push yourself. You’ll die.
Take care of yourself.
Sleep.
I know, Toma. I'm not like my father.
I will come back.
Collapsing...
Breaking...
Where am I?
So you're awake, human?
What the hell is this supposed to be?
Your body is precious.
During the process
of becoming Tan, the Taos mixed,
and the human Tao prevailed.
It's a miracle.
I haven’t seen anything like this
in a thousand years.
A man who could become
the final key my research needs.
What, did you suddenly
get horny or something?
No, that's not it.
It's the bedchamber arts.
I want to circulate your Tao and mine.
So I can understand it in more detail.
It will also help restore
your weakened Tao.
Circulate?
Each Tao has different "attributes."
Wood, fire, earth, metal,
and water. Five types.
These attributes influence one another.
By touching, you can weaken
the other’s Tao, "mutual overcoming."
Or conversely, strengthen it,
"mutual generation."
Hey, hey, you serious?
Bedchamber arts are ineffective
without harmony between partners.
Do you have any preferences?
Any desired style?
I do have a request.
Answer my questions.
What is this island?
What are you guys doing on it?
According to what she said,
both the Tensen and this island
were created by a single human.
A human?
A renowned alchemist from the continent.
He researched immortality
based on Taoist philosophy.
In Taoism, all phenomena
are said to be formed by Tao.
On this island, he supposedly
discovered a way
to directly manipulate it.
By combining the Taos of living beings,
grafting them together,
through repeated trial and error,
he sought immortality.
That’s how the Tensen were born.
By fusing human and plant Tao.
They are hermaphrodites.
They can strengthen Tao
through yin and yang on their own.
They have been refining Tao,
which is normally lost through
activity and time, for a thousand years.
There is no way humans can compare.
Except for one method.
Tao, right?
So why are these superhumans
holed up on this island?
In Taoism, practices
like breathing techniques and meditation,
training within one’s own body
to achieve immortality,
are called "inner alchemy."
On the other hand, methods
that allow anyone to become immortal,
regardless of constitution or training,
like trying to create a medicine for it,
are called "outer alchemy."
This is what the Tensen are creating.
- What?
- That means...
The elixir!
So it really exists?
It’s still under research, apparently.
What they call "Tan"
are prototype test products.
They gather human lives like honey
and efficiently absorb their Tao,
otherwise known as their life force.
It's like taking someone else's lifespan
and adding it to your own.
The Tensen extend
their lives with Tan as well.
Their self-sustaining Tao
isn’t perfect, either.
So if they lose a large amount
of Tao in a short time,
they die.
But the amount of Tan
they have now is still enough, isn't it?
Once they complete a method
that can make anyone immortal,
what do they plan to do?
I don’t know.
Probably the will of Alchemist Shufu.
- Shu...
- Who?
The alchemist who created
the Tensen and this island.
Shufu...
That is, Xu Fu.
In the Qin era,
he served the First Emperor,
and in pursuit of immortality,
with 3,000 youths and a hundrd artisans,
he set out into the eastern seas.
He was never seen again.
A figure from over a thousand years ago.
They say he’s still
somewhere on the island,
continuing his research.
This place is both a laboratory
and an experimental ground.
A miniature garden to create and observe
immortal life.
So all those monsters
were artificially created?
That's right.
Each has an experimental purpose.
The wooden people exist
to observe the lives of immortals.
They lack a strong concept of death,
so the Soshin exist to teach them morality
and maintain order.
We, too, are merely creations.
Born from the fusion of the master’s Tao
and the Tao of flowers.
One being, yet also separate.
A family of myself.
You can do it all this easily?
It is not easy. Tao is the source of life...
No, the source of everything.
It fills the world like dust,
shaping all that exists.
Even that incense,
and the air, are forms of Tao.
Therefore, to manipulate Tao
is to manipulate the laws of the world.
But unlike inanimate objects,
controlling life is difficult.
That’s why your Tao is so valuable.
I want to study it.
So you’ll use me for research
and turn every human
on this island into an elixir?
No, that's not it.
All humans on the mainland.
What?
The preparations are already complete.
All that’s left is the perfect Tan.
If you cooperate,
we'll accept you as one of us.
Not as Tan,
but as a companion
who pursues the Tao to its limits.
What’s the smartest choice here?
In my current state, I can’t beat her.
Even escaping would be tough.
So what should I prioritize?
I'll do the bedchamber art.
If it lets me master the Tao.
But I'm not into girls riding me.
Don’t worry. I’ll be gentle.
Don’t resist the situation, adapt to it.
Adapt... and then swallow it whole.
Just wait, Toma.
As expected... such wonderful Tao.
In other words, that Xu Fu guy
is the root of everything.
- Whoa!
- What's this?
What is going on?
My body is incomplete.
When I use Tao,
the tree transformation advances.
I can’t recover on my own.
Then, if we restore your Tao,
like Gabimaru did...
No.
Too little. The circulation isn’t enough.
Because my dantian,
or ovule, was destroyed by Rien.
Rien?
Rien and I
were the first disciples
created by Master Shufu.
But Rien changed.
For the sake of outer alchemy,
she killed many.
I couldn’t stop her.
I fled Horai.
So it was true after all.
At this rate, Mei will...
- You should use my Tao.
- What?
The Tensen can freely manipulate Tao.
They should be able to extract Tao
from living beings and make it their own.
They can do something like that?
But then, you would--
It's okay.
Mei, I'm going to turn
into a tree soon anyway.
And this is atonement.
Atonement?
I met her several hundred years ago.
I had a wife and a daughter.
Both of them turned
into trees before I did.
The villagers gradually followed,
and I was left alone.
And then, the time finally came.
She just happened to be
about the same age.
That’s all.
But she looked like my daughter.
My... young daughter.
I knew the truth.
That she was something unnatural.
That she truly wanted to leave the island.
I ignored all of it
and kept playing house.
Please forgive me.
I didn't see you. I saw my daughter.
For hundreds of years,
I made you cling to my lies and regrets.
This is my one chance to atone.
Please, use my life!
It wasn’t a lie.
We really felt like a family.
Like a parent and child.
Goodbye, dad.
Miss!
Did you shrink again?
Well, I get the situation, but still!
If I’m being honest,
I wanted to carry you
on my shoulders the way you were!
Shut up. Is this really
something to lose it over?
You’ll understand when you grow up, kid!
You’re really going to learn
swordsmanship from that guy?
Looks like your wound has closed.
It might leave a scar, though.
Thank you--
No need to thank me. I don't trust you.
Everyone, don't stop
what you're doing. Just listen.
- Sensei.
After discussing things with Gabimaru,
we've decided what to do next, but...
Hey, Kitty-maru,
why are you the one deciding?
I’m more suited than you are.
What? Don’t get cocky, you bastard!
Honestly, what a disorganized bunch.
What’s wrong?
Someone is here.
From the sea. It's really big.
It's a lot of Tao.
You mean a large group?
I don’t know, but...
it's really strong.
Subtitle translation by: Maslin Friedman